Module for puppet dev environment
================================

Installs tools and configuration to support a puppet developer.

Requires puppet to be installed.

Basic usage
-----------

The basic use case is as below:

class { 'puppet_dev_env' :
  user => 'user_name',
}

This sets up VIM configuration for the user specified.
This assumes the user's home directory is /home/<username>.
It also installs the puppet-test script in /usr/local/bin.

If the user has a different home path, than use the following:

class { 'puppet_dev_env' :
  user 		=> 'user_name',
  user_home_dir => 'path',
}

Features
--------
Install pathogen to easily install and manage vim plugins.
Installs the following plugins by default: nerdtree, nerdtreetabs, tabular, 
vim-puppet, numbers.
Also installs puppet-lint.

Commands
--------
#### puppet-test
* **Usage**: puppet-test [filename].pp
* **Function**: Runs puppet parser and puppet lint on the file

#### graph-dot
* **Usage**: graph-dot [input file] [output file]
* **Function**: converts the dot (generated by --graph via puppet apply) to a ps file.

VIM Shortcuts
-------------
    F3 - NumbersToggle
    F4 - NumbersOnOff
    F5 - NERDTreeToggle

License
-------

GPL version 3

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, [see](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/).
